updating Gh-pages documentation (#507)
ChainSafe/ChainBridge: docs/local.md

- Polkadot JS Portal ([https://portal.chain.centrifuge.io](https://portal.chain.centrifuge.io/))
    - Type definitions can be found here: [https://gist.github.com/ansermino/0280b30594a9bc653ae288ccca46dc55](https://gist.github.com/ansermino/0280b30594a9bc653ae288ccca46dc55)
- cb-sol-cli (see [README](https://github.com/ChainSafe/chainbridge-deploy/tree/master/cb-sol-cli#cb-sol-cli-documentation))

## Starting Local Chains

The easiest way to get started is to use the docker-compose file found here: [https://gist.github.com/ansermino/f1571bb354d2007b26dce53d52dbca75](https://gist.github.com/ansermino/f1571bb354d2007b26dce53d52dbca75). This will start a geth instance and an instance of chainbridge-substrate-chain:

```bash
docker-compose -f ./docker-compose-geth-substrate.yml up -V
```

(Use `-V` to always start with new chains. These instructions depend on deterministic ethereum addresses, which are used as defaults implicitly by some of these commands. Avoid re-deploying the contracts without restarting both chains, or ensure to specify all the required parameters.)

## On-Chain Setup (Ethereum)

### Deploy Contracts

> You can deploy the contracts to the geth chain like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the contracts on the Ethereum chain, run the following :
```

```bash
cb-sol-cli deploy --all --relayerThreshold 1
```

> You should see an output such as this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running, the expected output looks like this:

```

Erc721:             0xd7E33e1bbf65dC001A0Eb1552613106CD7e40C31
----------------------------------------------------------------
Centrifuge Asset:   0xc279648CE5cAa25B9bA753dAb0Dfef44A069BaF4
================================================================
```

### Register Resources

```bash
# Register fungible resource ID with erc20 contract
cb-sol-cli bridge register-resource --resourceId "0x000000000000000000000000000000c76ebe4a02bbc34786d860b355f5a5ce00" --targetContract "0x21605f71845f372A9ed84253d2D024B7B10999f4"

# Register non-fungible resource ID with erc721 contract
cb-sol-cli bridge register-resource --resourceId "0x000000000000000000000000000000e389d61c11e5fe32ec1735b3cd38c69501" --targetContract "0xd7E33e1bbf65dC001A0Eb1552613106CD7e40C31" --handler "0x3f709398808af36ADBA86ACC617FeB7F5B7B193E"

# Register generic resource ID
cb-sol-cli bridge register-generic-resource --resourceId "0x000000000000000000000000000000f44be64d2de895454c3467021928e55e01" --targetContract "0xc279648CE5cAa25B9bA753dAb0Dfef44A069BaF4" --handler "0x2B6Ab4b880A45a07d83Cf4d664Df4Ab85705Bc07" --hash --deposit "" --execute "store(bytes32)"
```

### Specify Token Semantics

> To allow for a variety of use cases, the ethereum contracts support both the `transfer` and the `mint/burn` ERC methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow for a variety of use cases, the Ethereum contracts support both the `transfer` and the `mint/burn` ERC methods.

```

> To simplify these examples we should use `mint/burn`:

Reviewer: Sorry just want to clarify the meaning of this line, I think it should be something like 

```
For simplicity's sake the following examples only make use of the  `mint/burn` method:
```

but I may be misinterpreting it.

```bash
# Register the erc20 contract as mintable/burnable
cb-sol-cli bridge set-burn --tokenContract "0x21605f71845f372A9ed84253d2D024B7B10999f4"

# Register the associated handler as a minter
cb-sol-cli erc20 add-minter --minter "0x3167776db165D8eA0f51790CA2bbf44Db5105ADF"

# Register the erc721 contract as mintable/burnable
cb-sol-cli bridge set-burn --tokenContract "0xd7E33e1bbf65dC001A0Eb1552613106CD7e40C31" --handler "0x3f709398808af36ADBA86ACC617FeB7F5B7B193E"

# Add the handler as a minter
cb-sol-cli erc721 add-minter --minter "0x3f709398808af36ADBA86ACC617FeB7F5B7B193E"
```

## On-Chain Setup (Substrate)

> ### Add Relayer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Registering Relayers

```

> We need to register the account of the relayer on substrate (cb-sol-cli deploys contracts with the 5 test keys preloaded). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First we need to register the account of the relayer on substrate (cb-sol-cli deploys contracts with the 5 test keys preloaded). 

```

Select the `Sudo` tab in the PolkadotJS UI. Choose the `addRelayer` method of `chainBridge`, and select Alice as the relayer.

### Register Resources

Select the `Sudo` tab and call `chainBridge.setResourceId` for each of the transfer types you wish to use:

**Fungible (Native asset):**

Id: `0x000000000000000000000000000000c76ebe4a02bbc34786d860b355f5a5ce00`

Method: `0x4578616d706c652e7472616e73666572` (utf-8 encoding of "Example.transfer")

**NonFungible(ERC721):**

Id: `0x000000000000000000000000000000e389d61c11e5fe32ec1735b3cd38c69501`

Method: `0x4578616d706c652e6d696e745f657263373231` (utf-8 encoding of "Example.mint_erc721")

**Generic (Hash Transfer):**

Id: `0x000000000000000000000000000000f44be64d2de895454c3467021928e55e01`

Method:  `0x4578616d706c652e72656d61726b` (utf-8 encoding of "Example.remark")

### Whitelist Chains

Using the `Sudo` tab, call `chainBridge.whitelistChain`, specifying `0` for out ethereum chain ID.

## Running A Relayer

> Here is an example config file for a single relayer using the contracts we deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example config file for a single relayer ("Alice") using the contracts we've deployed.

```

I think it might make sense to reference alice here, makes the next line more clear

## Fungible Transfers

### Substrate Native Token ⇒ ERC 20

In the substrate UI select the `Extrinsics` tab, and call `example.transferNative` with these parameters:

- Amount: `1000` **(select `Pico` for units)**
- Recipient: `0xff93B45308FD417dF303D6515aB04D9e89a750Ca`
- Dest Id: `0`

You can query the recipients balance on ethereum with this:

```bash
cb-sol-cli erc20 balance --address "0xff93B45308FD417dF303D6515aB04D9e89a750Ca"
```

### ERC20 ⇒ Substrate Native Token

If necessary, you can mint some tokens:

```bash
cb-sol-cli erc20 mint --amount 1000
```

Before initiating the transfer we have to approve the bridge to take ownership of the tokens:

```bash
cb-sol-cli erc20 approve --amount 1000 --recipient "0x3167776db165D8eA0f51790CA2bbf44Db5105ADF"
```

To initiate a transfer on the ethereum chain use this command (Note: there will be a 10 block delay before the relayer will process the transfer):

```bash
cb-sol-cli erc20 deposit --amount 1000 --dest 1 --recipient "0xd43593c715fdd31c61141abd04a99fd6822c8558854ccde39a5684e7a56da27d" --resourceId "0x000000000000000000000000000000c76ebe4a02bbc34786d860b355f5a5ce00"
```

## Non-Fungible Transfers

### Substrate NFT ⇒ ERC721

> First, you'll probably need to mint a token. Select the `Sudo` tab and call `erc721.mint` with parameters such as these:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you'll need to mint a token. Select the `Sudo` tab and call `erc721.mint` with parameters such as these:

```
